growls games have always had a playful
side but they're taking it to the next
level with trials fusion which is packed
with secret mini-games for you to
discover some of them pay homage to
other games some of them are old
favorites and some of them are just
downright weird here are our five
favorite that we've come across while
playing spoiler alert for those who want
to discover everything for themselves
first up this minigame where you have to
fling your rider at precarious Towers
any similarity to irate avians is
probably coincidental Wow
[Music]
and here we have tennis only we're using
a metal sign as a racket and playing
against a penguin obviously
[Applause]
now we're in a first-person maze is
anyone any good at these I think I'm
lost
in this level if you set yourself on
fire you get the chance to fly through
flaming rings in the sky before crashing
face-first into a wormhole not something
you see in most motocross games
finally things take a turn for the
monkey ball with this Marble Madness
inspired minigame that somehow even more
frustrating than the actual motorbike
bits
so that's a quick look at some of the
weird secret minigames you can find in
trials fusion but there are loads more
to uncover as you go through the game
let us know what once you find hit like
if you like this video and we'll see you
next time on outside xbox